added to element and material creation, as well as material modificat… (#21)
GregTechCEu/gtceu-modern-docs: docs/Modpacks/Materials-and-Elements/Modifying-Existing-Materials.md

# Modifying Existing Materials

> All periodic table elements are present in GT, but they don't have any properties attached. You can also add a BlastProperty for EBF autogenerated recipes. Here is how you can add them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All periodic table elements are present in GT, but some of them don't have any properties attached. You can also add a BlastProperty for EBF autogenerated recipes. Here is how you can add them:
```
